DOCS-3120 APM docs restructure (#14417)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/_index.md

---
title: The Trace Pipeline
kind: documentation
aliases:
    - /tracing/ingestion/
    - /tracing/trace_ingestion/
    - /tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion/
description: "Learn how to control span ingestion"
---

{{< img src="tracing/live_search_and_analytics/tracing_without_limits_lifecycle-0.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="Trace Journey: Ingestion" >}}

> With APM, both the **ingestion** of traces as well as the **retention** of those traces for 15 days are fully customizable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With APM, both the **ingestion** of traces and as the **retention** of those traces for 15 days are fully customizable.
```

## Ingestion mechanisms

Set up tracing to gain end-to-end visibility into your applications with fine-grained [ingestion configuration][1]. Make sure to capture complete traces, including all error and high-latency traces to never miss performance issues such as an application outage or an unresponsive service.

{{< img src="tracing/trace_indexing_and_ingestion/service_setup.png" style="width:80%;" alt="Service Setup" >}}

## Ingestion controls

> The [Ingestion Control page][2] provides an overview of ingestion volumes and configuration settings across your services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Ingestion Control page][2] overviews ingestion volumes and configuration settings across your services.
```
